Update signing-macos.md (#794)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-code-signing/signing-macos.md

```

Don't forget to specify the path to your generated package in the [artifacts section](../getting-started/yaml/#artifacts).

> ### Notarizing macOS application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notarizing macOS applications
```

Author: Done!

> Notarization is a process where Apple verifies your application to make sure it has a Developer ID code signature and does not consist of malicious content. Notarizing an app in the Codemagic build process via **altool** is possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notarization is a process where Apple verifies your application to make sure it has a Developer ID code signature and does not consist of malicious content. Notarizing an app during the Codemagic build process is possible using  **altool** as follows:
```

Author: Done

> Notarization is a process where Apple verifies your application to make sure it has a Developer ID code signature and does not consist of malicious content. Notarizing an app during the Codemagic build process is possible using  **altool** as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notarization is a process where Apple verifies your application to make sure it has a Developer ID code signature and does not consist of malicious content. Notarizing an app during the Codemagic build process is possible using **altool** as follows:
```

Author: Done
